---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hivelocity_ip_assignment Resource - terraform-provider-hivelocity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# hivelocity_ip_assignment (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    hivelocity = {
      source = "hivelocity/hivelocity"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

resource "hivelocity_ip_assignment" "demo" {
  purpose = "IP Address Asked to Test Terraform Provider SP-292"
  facility_code = "DAL1"
  prefix_length = "27"
}

output "ip_assignment" {
  value = hivelocity_ip_assignment.demo
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `facility_code` (String) Facility code of this assignment.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The prefix length of the subnet. For example: `/27`
- `purpose` (String) List the intended use of each IP in the subnet. Required by ICANN

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `assignment_id` (Number) Unique ID of this assignment
- `broadcast_ip` (String) Broadcast address for this subnet.
- `client_id` (Number) Unique ID of the assignment owner
- `description` (String) Description for this assignment.
- `device_id` (Number) The device receiving traffic from the assignment.
- `dns_resolvers` (List of String) DNS resolvers for this subnet. Only applicable to VPS instances.
- `first_usable_ip` (String) First address available for use by Devices on this subnet.
- `gateway_ip` (String) Gateway address for this subnet.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_usable_ip` (String) Last address available for use by Devices on this subnet.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask for this assignment.
- `next_hop_ip` (String) Next Hop IP address, if this assignment is statically routed.
- `port_id` (Number) The port receiving traffic from the assignment.
- `subnet` (String) CIDR representation of this assignment.
- `usable_ips` (List of String) A list of usable IP addresses on assignment. It is only filled for IPv4 subnets.
- `version` (Number) IP version of this assignment (ipv4 or ipv6)
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN receiving traffic from the assignment.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
